adding Solidity Dev Survey Results 2020 (#119)
ethereum/solidity-blog: _posts/2021-01-25-solidity-developer-survey-2020-results.md

Looking at the overall coding seniority of the respondents, this data shows us that a majority of Solidity developers are developers with experience in other programming languages, rather than someone learning to program for the first time in Solidity.

![Solidity Usage](/img/2021/01/UsingSol.png)

43% of respondents rate themselves Solidity experts with an expertise level of 8 (out of 10) or higher. Only 10% rank themselves at the beginner stages with an expertise level of 3 or lower.

![Expertise](/img/2021/01/SolExpertise.png)

The majority of respondents use Solidity on a weekly (31%) or even daily basis (41%). Almost 18% use it monthly, while the remaining 9% stated that they rarely code in Solidity.

![Frequency of Usage](/img/2021/01/HowOftenSol.png)

Most respondents are currently using 0.6.x or 0.7.x versions of Solidity. A smaller share still uses 0.5.x versions or has been trying out the recently released 0.8.0 already.

A few people are not aware of the version they are using or are still using very old versions from the 0.4.x series. 

> 🚨 Please make sure to frequently update your code since [several important bug fixes](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/docs/bugs_by_version.json#L922) and security improvements have been added since 0.4.x!

Reviewer: It's pretty interesting that the list of important bugs becomes nearly empty with 0.7.x. It doesn't seem to have anything to do with release frequency (0.5.x had tons of them even with more than one release a month sometimes). Maybe it's the effect of better code review coverage with larger team?

![Versions Used](/img/2021/01/SolidityVersion.png)

#### IDEs / Tooling

50% of respondents stated they are using VSCode as a preferred editor to write Solidity. The second favorite editor was Vim (12.6%), followed by Remix (9.2%), IntelliJ (8.8%) and Atom (7.1%).

![IDEs / Tooling](/img/2021/01/IDE.png)

When asked if they are using an Ethereum-specific development environment, only 3% say that they are not using one. Truffle is the most prominent with 35%, closely followed by Remix (29%) and Hardhat (23%).

![Ethereum-specific IDEs / Tooling](/img/2021/01/EthIDE.png)

#### Overall Solidity Developer Experience

> Around 62% believe that the Solidity developer experience had some or even a lot of improvement in the last year. 15% saw a slight improvement while 9% thought that there was no change or that the Solidity developer experience got worse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Around 62% believe that the Solidity developer experience had some or even a lot of improvement in the last year. 15% saw a slight improvement while only 9% thought that there was no change or that the Solidity developer experience got worse.
```
Maybe it's worth emphasizing that it's a pretty small number.

![Overall Developer Experience](/img/2021/01/DevExperience.png)

The biggest challenge in developer experience for most respondents is the availability and quality of tooling. 

> Also seen as critical aspects in order to foster adoption are error handling, IDE integrations and better documentation. 

Reviewer: This sentence seems a bit hard to parse to me. How about this?
```suggestion
Other aspects seen as critical in fostering language adoption are: Error handling, IDE integrations and better documentation. 
```

Less often voted for but still relevant are the increasing complexity of the language, availability of generics, improvements in compilation time and debugging as well as improvements in gas cost, storage handling and security.

![Solidity's Challenges](/img/2021/01/Challenges.png)

#### Importance Ranking of Future Features

> We've asked the participants of the survey to rank selected features under discussion according to their importantance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've asked the participants of the survey to rank selected features under discussion according to their importance.
```

Author: lol 🤣

Gas optimizations were ranked as most important, followed by interfaces to external debugging tools. The SMTChecker, generics and fixed point types were ranked similarly important. 

Explicitly copying semantics, enums with data, functions at file level and WebAssembly output were evaluated as less critical by the participants.

![Future Features Ranking](/img/2021/01/FutureFeatures.png)

### (4) Most Liked, Dreaded and Anticipated Features

> We've asked survey participants what they like and dislike most about Solidity and what they would like to see the most in upcoming Solidity versions. Those questions had free-text reply fields so we've summarized the replies and are listing the most mentioned features and aspects below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've asked survey participants what they like and dislike most about Solidity and what they would like to see the most in upcoming Solidity versions. Those questions had free-form text reply fields so we've summarized the replies and are listing the most mentioned features and aspects below.
```

#### Most Liked Features

Simplicity and cleanliness has been the number one aspect that the participants value about Solidity. 

Furthermore, the developers appreciated the improvements in available tooling, especially highlighting Remix and Hardhat several times. 

Another aspect the respondents appreciate is that Solidity is "easy to learn" and "simple to code".

Several people stated that Solidity is the right tool for what they are working on and that they like the focus on smart contracts and Solidity being a "special purpose tool" for it.

Other features and aspects that have been mentioned repeatedly as cherished and appreciated are:
- Mappings

> - Human readability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Human-readability
```

- Structs
- Modifiers
- Strong-typing
- JS-likeness
- Assembly access
- SafeMath by default
- Good library support
- C++-likeness
- SMTChecker
- Composability
- Immutability
- ABI Encoder V2
- Explicitness
- Inheritance
- Compact code size
- Syntax
- Steady improvement of the language

#### Most Dreaded or Disliked Features

> The currently most dreaded aspect about Solidity is clearly debugging, followed by a lack of Solidity libraries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently most dreaded aspect of Solidity is clearly debugging, followed by a lack of Solidity libraries. 
```

Respondents also complain about inheritance conflicts and the need to write more specific code in assembly / low-level code. 

Other aspects and features that have been mentioned repeatedly as dreaded or disliked are:
- Error handling
- Memory management
- Frequency of breaking changes and dependencies breaking
- Contract & stack size limits
- Inconsistency with other languages

> - ABI encode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ABI encoder
```
Or `ABI encoding`?

- Unclear gas usage / gas inefficiency
- Tooling
- Complexity
- Recompiles failing due to metadata
- Verbosity
- Dynamic array handling
- Testing

#### Most Anticipated Features

The most anticipated feature by far was "no more SafeMath". SafeMath by default has been [introduced with 0.8.0](https://blog.soliditylang.org/2020/12/16/solidity-v0.8.0-release-announcement/) and hence is not an issue anymore. 🥳

The second most anticipated feature was better debugging and more debugging tools. 

Also ranked high was better documentation, especially with a focus on more tutorials and code examples.

Other anticipated and frequently mentioned features were:
- Gas efficiency optimization features
- Generics

> - console.log()

Reviewer: Some of your lists have items ending with dots, some don't. I think it should be consistent.

Author: right, will add the dots everywhere for better accessibility. :)

- Dynamic arrays
- Better tooling
- Better IDEs
- LSP support

> - Structs

Reviewer: WTF. We do have structs :)

Author: yup that doesn't make sense here maybe a copy paste error

> - Rich revert reasons/ error codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rich revert reasons / error codes
```

- Standard library
- Custom optimization features

> - Release v.1.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Release v1.0.0
```

- SMTChecker
- Stable ABIEncoderV2
- No more stack too deep
- Decimals

> - Over- and underflow handling

Reviewer: I.e. SafeMath :)

Author: right, I'll remove it as it is covered on the top of the paragraph :)

> - Fixed point types

Reviewer: I'd group decimals together with fixed-point types. Maybe people even meant the same thing by it. Technically fixed-point numbers stored as decimal numbers (rather than binary ones) would be a separate feature but I suspect that people were just casually referring to fractional numbers as decimals.

- WASM

### (5) Community

> More than 55% of respondents interact with other Solidity developers on a regular basis, while 27% only claim to do so rarely. Almost 17% do not interact with other Solidity developers at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More than 55% of respondents interact with other Solidity developers on a regular basis, while 27% claim to do so only rarely. Almost 17% do not interact with other Solidity developers at all.
```

![Developer Interaction](/img/2021/01/DevInteraction.png)

The majority of respondents feels welcome in the Solidity community and is confident in the work of the Soldity core team. 

71% agree or somewhat agree to feeling welcome to contributing to Solidity.

Only 22% fully agree that the Solidity team understands their needs. 14% state that they do not agree and don't feel understood by the Solidity team with regards to their needs.

The process of how to contribute to Solidity is clear or somewhat clear to 41% of respondents while 32% do not agree and hence say that the contribution process is unclear to them. 

⚠️ _Note that there was a comparatively high share of "I don't know" replies to the last three statements._

![Community Statements](/img/2021/01/CommunityStatements.png)

#### Language Design

> Almost 85% of respondents state that they have never participated in any Solidity language design related activity. Around two third of them say they didn't do so because they don't know how, while one third is simply not interested in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost 85% of respondents state that they have never participated in any Solidity language design related activity. Around two thirds of them say they didn't do so because they don't know how, while one third is simply not interested in it.
```

---
layout: post
published: true
title: 'Solidity Developer Survey 2020 Results'
date: '2021-01-22'
author: Franziska Heintel
category: Announcements
---

Before we dive into the results we want to extend a big thank you to all of the Solidity developers that participated in the very first Solidity Developer Survey, which we [conducted at the end of last year](https://blog.soliditylang.org/2020/12/09/solidity-developer-survey-2020/)! 

We were overwhelmed by the high quality of the submissions and are happy to extract important insights from your input.

In this post, we'll be summarizing and commenting on the results of the survey. 

Please note that none of the questions in the survey were mandatory. Hence, the amount of replies may vary per question.

### Summary & Notable Insights

> - **Survey Audience**: 193 developers from all over the world replied to this survey, calling 48 different countries their current home. With roughly 20%, the big majority of respondents live in the United States of America, followed by India (8%) and Germany (7%). The majority of respondents speaks English at work.

Reviewer 2: I don't see why there should be a comma, but would use `speak` instead of `speak`, although I'm not sure about it.

> - **Survey Audience**: 193 developers from all over the world replied to this survey, calling 48 different countries their current home. With roughly 20%, the big majority of respondents live in the United States of America, followed by India (8%) and Germany (7%). The majority of respondents speaks English at work.

Author: I think the majority is the subject, so even though it sounds weird it should be `speaks`

> - **Survey Audience**: 193 developers from all over the world replied to this survey, calling 48 different countries their current home. With roughly 20%, the big majority of respondents live in the United States of America, followed by India (8%) and Germany (7%). The majority of respondents speaks English at work.

Reviewer 2: Learnt something today! It's "the majority speaks" but "a majority speak" - https://www.enago.com/academy/understanding-the-usage-of-majority/

> - **Survey Audience**: 193 developers from all over the world replied to this survey, calling 48 different countries their current home. With roughly 20%, the big majority of respondents live in the United States of America, followed by India (8%) and Germany (7%). The majority of respondents speaks English at work.

Author: Now I am confused. 😅

- **Developer Profiles**: Roughly 65% of respondents have been using Solidity for more than a year, with 43% being "Solidity pros" with 2 or more years of experience with the language. Looking at the overall coding seniority of the respondents it appears as if rather experienced developers start learning Solidity as opposed to code newbies starting to learn Solidity from scratch.
- **Solidity Experience**: 43% of respondents rate themselves Solidity experts with an expertise level of 8 (out of 10) or higher.
- **Solidity Developer Experience**: While noting many things that could still improve, there was an overall positive/good sentiment towards Solidity. Most respondents believed that the Solidity developer experience had some or much improvement over the last year.
- **Solidity's Challenges**: The biggest challenge or problem in developer experience for most respondents is the availability and quality of tooling. Also seen as critical aspects in order to foster adoption are error handling, IDE integrations and better documentation.

> - **Most Liked, Dreaded and Anticipated**: Topics with room for imporovement that came up a lot: Error handling, debugging, the need for more tools and libraries, breaking dependencies.

Reviewer 2: This might read as `need for breaking dependenciens` :), but I think it is better with `and`.

- **Contributing and Language Design**: There was surprisingly little interest and engagement in language design topics, partly because developers didn't know how to get involved, partly because they were not interested. (We will work on this! Efforts to foster collaborative language design are under way, we'll share more soon.)
- **Community**: Almost 17% of participants in this survey do not interact with other Solidity developers at all!

### (1) Survey Audience and Developer Profiles

> Firstly, let's have a look at the developers that participated in the survey. In total, we received **193 responses from 48 different countries**. 

Reviewer 2: `-ly`?

Reviewer: TIL [Some dictionaries don't even recognize `firstly` as a word](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/firstly/). I'm using it all the time :)

> ![Survey Participants World Map](/img/2021/01/world.png)

Reviewer 2: Would it be much effort to use a different projection than mercator? :)

Reviewer 2: Also, the file name is `World.png`, while the link here uses `world.png`.

Author: yes, it would be quite some work to use a different projection since Mercator is the only one available for Google Sheet's Geo Charts

Reviewer 3: Why don't you like Mercantor? @chriseth

Reviewer 2: Due to its distortions, countries close to the equator are drawn smaller than they are and thus it "favours" countries on the northern hemisphere, i.e. the "western" countries. Also, greenland and northern canada just look really weird. Maybe we can crop a bit more towards the north pole, @franzihei ?

#### Residency

⚠️ _Note that the fact that this survey has only been shared in English is an important factor to consider when interpreting results regarding language and country of residency._

> The respondents stated to live in Algeria, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Costa Rica, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Honduras, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Lithuania, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Timor-Leste, Ukraine, United Kingdom and United States of America. 

Reviewer 2: Could not resist but think of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcS3NOQnsQM here.

With roughly 20%, the big majority of respondents live in the United States of America, followed by India (8%) and Germany (7%).

> ![Survey Participants List of Countries](/img/2021/01/residency.png)

Reviewer 2: Same capitalization problem in the file name, I guess it's everywhere.

Author: yes will adjust everywhere

#### Language

The developers speak a wide variety of different languages as their primary language, with English being by far the most popular one. German, Spanish, Russian and French follow with similar levels.

> ![Primary Language](/img/2021/01/langprimary.png)

Reviewer 2: Why is this one sorted by language instead of "bar length"?

Author: changed the language graphs to be sorted by length

With 86%, the vast majority of respondents speak English at work. 

> Almost 90% of respondents are okay with reading the Solidity documentation in English while roughly 10% would prefer it to be translated into their native language. Some of the respondents who chose "native language" stated English as their primary spoken language though, which results in 95% of participants preferring English for the documentation.

Author: 89 speak English as their primary language, 11 of them stated that they would prefer the documentation in their native language and didn't just choose "English", even though their native language seems to be English, so I've added 11 + 172 (people who chose English for documentation) and divided by 193 which is 94,82%.

> Almost 90% of respondents are okay with reading the Solidity documentation in English while roughly 10% would prefer it to be translated into their native language. Some of the respondents who chose "native language" stated English as their primary spoken language though, which results in 95% of participants preferring English for the documentation.

Reviewer 3: Ah. Makes sense. I somehow assumed that you could get the 95% from the other two numbers.

> Bear in mind that this survey has only been conducted in English, which heavily influences the outcome of this question. This result will hence not have too much influence on the revamped translation efforts for the Solidity documentation and we will further investigate this topic.

Reviewer 2: I think it's still valid to re-state this here as is.

![Language at Work](/img/2021/01/langspeak.png)

![Documentation Language](/img/2021/01/documentationlang.png)

#### Employment

82% of all respondents stated that they are currently employed. 4% identified as students, while 14% stated to not work at the moment. 

![Employment Status](/img/2021/01/employment.png)

#### Industry

The majority of respondents (68%) said they work in the technology industry. 14% work in the financial services industry. Less relevant, but also selected several times, were the energy sector, health care, creative, media & gaming and transportation.

![Industry Overview](/img/2021/01/industry.png)

#### Coding Experience

The overall, non-Solidity-related, professional coding experience of respondents was impressive. 48% of respondents said they coded as part of their jobs for 6 years or more. Only roughly 7% stated that they have less than 1 year of coding experience. 

> ![Professional Coding Experience](/img/2021/01/codingexperience.png)

Reviewer 2: Again, if it's not too much of a hassle, everything except the "no coding experince" result could be stacked on the same bar because each answer "includes" all of the previous ones.

Author: I'm not sure what you're suggesting exactly? That there are only two bars? I think that would be quite hard to read

Reviewer 2: Ok, was just a suggestion!

#### Operating System

Interestingly, Linux and macOS seem equally popular, both getting roughly 40% of the repondents' votes. Circa 18% use Windows, while a part of those users also state to use another OS in addition to Windows. There are also several developers using both Linux and macOS, or even all three operating systems.

![Operating System](/img/2021/01/operatingsystem.png)

#### Solidity Usage

> Almost all of the respondents use Solidity for personal projects outside of work (93%), while 68% say they also use Solidity at work and code in another programming language at work. 

Reviewer: Maybe it would be clearer if it said that you could choose more than one answer?

> Almost all of the respondents use Solidity for personal projects outside of work (93%), while 68% say they also use Solidity at work and code in another programming language at work. 

Author: tried to simplify it a bit

27% of respondents stated to be managing a programming team while 8% are students.

![Solidity Usage](/img/2021/01/solidityuse.png)

#### Open-Source Code

Strikingly, the majority of respondents (61%) only infrequently or even never contribute to open-source projects written in Solidity. 21% claim to do it as part of their daily routine.

![Open-Source Coding](/img/2021/01/opensource.png)

#### Coding Preferences

We've asked the participants what is most important to them when choosing a programming language. The question had a free text reply field, hence we clustered the responses into overarching categories. 

The most important aspect, stated by many respondents, was the fact that the programming language has to fit the task, it has to "get the job done".

Also ranked very highly were tooling, documentation and community, followed by security of the language, libraries, availability of good resources and learning material as well as a clear or familiar syntax. 

> Less frequently mentioned, but still relevant, were descriptive error messages / good debugging, readability, performance and strong types.

Reviewer 2: Less frequently does not necessarily mean infrequently...

![Favorite Programming Language](/img/2021/01/favprogramminglang.png)

#### Most Used Programming Language

The majority of respondents use JavaScript (36%) the most, followed by Solidity (21%) and TypeScript (11.5%). Also mentioned several times: Python (9%), Go (5%), C++ (3%) and Java (3%).

![Most Used Programming Language](/img/2021/01/programminglanguageused.png)

### (2) Solidity Learning Journeys

As the next step, we wanted to learn more about the individual learning journey of each respondent. While most respondents managed to feel productive in less than half a year, a quite big share (17%) does not feel productive at this point yet.

![Productivity Learning](/img/2021/01/productivity.png)

#### Learning 

The Solidity documentation is the most prominent learning material and primary resource for most respondents to learn Solidity. 

The practices of reading the open-source Solidity code of big projects as well as watching coding tutorial videos were frequently mentioned.

Another prominent way to get started learning Solidity is the CryptoZombies coding game. 

Many respondents used the Ethereum StackExchange to find answers to their questions. 

> Massive open online courses (MOOCs) like Udacity, Udemy and university courses were mentioned by several respondents followed by active coding approaches like "learning by coding" using Remix and the OpenZeppelin contracts as well as by going through the ConsenSys Academy. 

Author: added a couple of links!

It's interesting to see that a fair share of 35% is just getting started with Solidity and has only been using it for under 12 months. 

Looking at the overall coding seniority of the respondents this data could be interpreted such as experienced developers are starting to learn Solidity, rather than people that are new to coding getting started with Solidity from scratch.

![Solidity Usage](/img/2021/01/usingsol.png)

43% of respondents rate themselves Solidity experts with an expertise level of 8 (out of 10) or higher. Only 10% rank themselves in the beginner stages with an expertise level of 3 or lower.

![Expertise](/img/2021/01/solexpertise.png)

The majority of respondents use Solidity on a weekly (31%) or even daily basis (41%). Almost 18% use it monthly, while the remaining 9% stated to rarely code in Solidity.

![Frequency of Usage](/img/2021/01/howoftensol.png)

Most respondents are currently using 0.6.x or 0.7.x versions of Solidity. A smaller share still uses 0.5.x versions or has been trying out the recently released 0.8.0 already.

A few people are not aware of the version they are using or are still using very old versions from the 0.4.x series. 

> 🚨 Please make sure to frequently update your code since several important bug fixes and security improvements have been added since 0.4.x!

Reviewer 2: Could add a link to here: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/docs/bugs_by_version.json#L922

![Versions Used](/img/2021/01/solidityversion.png)

#### IDEs / Tooling

50% of respondents stated they are using VSCode as a preferred editor to write Solidity. The second favorite editor was Vim (12.6%), followed by Remix (9.2%), IntelliJ (8.8%) and Atom (7.1%).

![IDEs / Tooling](/img/2021/01/ide.png)

When asked if they are using an Ethereum-specific development environment only 3% say that they are not using one. Truffle is most prominent with 35%, closely followed by Remix (29%) and Hardhat (23%).

![Ethereum-specific IDEs / Tooling](/img/2021/01/ethide.png)

#### Overall Solidity Developer Experience

62% believe that the Solidity developer experience had some or even a lot of improvement in the last year. 15% saw a slight improvement while 9% thought that there was no change or that the Solidity developer experience got worse.

![Overall Developer Experience](/img/2021/01/devexperience.png)

The biggest challenge or problem in developer experience for most respondents is the availability and quality of tooling. 

> Also seen as critical aspects in order to foster adoption are error handling, IDE integrations and better documentation. 

Author: I don't think these commas are necessary.

Several people stated that Solidity would be the right tool for what they are working on and they would like the focus on smart contracts and Solidity being a "special purpose tool" for it.

Other features and aspects that have been mentioned repeatedly as cherished and appreciated:
- Mappings
- Human readability
- Structs
- Modifiers
- Strong-typing
- JS-likeness
- Assembly access
- SafeMath by default
- Good library support
- C++-likeness
- SMTChecker
- Composability
- Immutability
- ABI Encoder V2
- Explicitness
- Inheritance
- Compact code size
- Syntax
- Steady improvement of the language

#### Most Dreaded or Disliked Features

The currently most dreaded aspect about Solidity is clearly debugging, followed by a lack of Solidity libraries. 

Respondents also complain about inheritance conflicts and the need to write more specific code in assembly / low-level code. 

Other aspects and features that have been mentioned repeatedly as dreaded or disliked are:
- Error handling
- Memory management
- Frequency of breaking changes and dependencies breaking
- Contract & stack size limits

> - Stack too deep

Reviewer 2: stack size limit and stack too deep is the same thing, I would say

- Release v.1.0.0
- SMTChecker
- Stable ABIEncoderV2
- No more stack too deep
- Decimals
- Over- and underflow handling
- Fixed point types
- WASM

### (5) Community

More than 55% of respondents interact with other Solidity developers on a regular basis, while 27% only claim to do so rarely. Almost 17% do not interact with other Solidity developers at all.

![Developer Interaction](/img/2021/01/devinteraction.png)

The majority of respondents feels welcome in the Solidity community and is confident in the work of the Soldity core team. 

71% agree or somewhat agree to feeling welcome to contributing to Solidity.

Only 22% fully agree that the Solidity team understands their needs. 14% state that they do not agree and don't feel understood by the Solidity team with regards to their needs.

The process of how to contribute to Solidity is clear or somewhat clear to 41% of respondents while 32% do not agree and hence say that the contribution process is unclear to them. 

⚠️ _Note that there was a comparatively high share of "I don't know" replies to the last three statements._

![Community Statements](/img/2021/01/communitystatements.png)

#### Language Design

> Almost 85% of respondents state that they have never participated in any Solidity language design related activity. 2/3 of them say they didn't do so because they don't know how, while 1/3 is simply not interested in it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Almost 85% of respondents state that they have never participated in any Solidity language design related activity. Around two third of them say they didn't do so because they don't know how, while one third is simply not interested in it.
```

7-8% said that they are part of the language design mailing list, have joined one or more language design discussion calls and/or have proposed features or changes to the language by filing GitHub issues.

![Language Design](/img/2021/01/langdesignparticipation.png)

#### Staying Up-To-Date

57% prefer Twitter to stay up-to-date about things. 21% like mailing lists, 14% prefer Reddit and 6% are in favor of forums.

![Staying Up-To-Date](/img/2021/01/uptodate.png)

> To stay in the loop with Solidity updates like new releases, security alerts and announcements, most respondents said they follow Solidity on Twitter, follow the Solidity GitHub release page and/or the Solidity blog. Also mentioned but less popular are the r/ethdev Reddit, the Solidity documentation and the Week in Ethereum newsletter.

Reviewer 3: Should we point to links here?

> Some of the participants claiming to not do any of the above explained they mostly get informed by colleagues or friends or simply don't stay up-to-date at all.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some of the participants claiming to not do any of the above explained that they mostly get informed by colleagues or friends or simply don't stay up-to-date at all.
```
